README.md, before:

<div id="user-content-toc" align="center"><ul align="center" style="list-style: none;"><img width="5%" src="./public/favicon.svg"> <summary><h1>Ignite Feed</h1></summary></img></ul></div>

<div align="center"><b>Ignite Feed</b> is a simple social media feed simulation </div>

</br>

<div align="center" style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center;">
  <img width="70%" src="https://i.ibb.co/PGg5DPr/pc-ignite-feed.png">
  <img width="20%" src="https://i.ibb.co/vqd2PvZ/phone-ignite-feed.png" style="margin-left: 20px;">
</div>

## ✨ Features

- [x] Add comments
- [x] Applaud (like) comments
- [x] Delete comments
- [x] Add post
- [ ] Applaud (like) post

## 🔧 Built with

- ⚛️ ReactJS: A JavaScript library for building UI.

- ⚡ Vite: A fast build tool for modern web development.

- 📅 Date-fns: A lightweight library for easy date manipulation and formatting.

- 🪐 Phosphor: Icon library offering customizable icons.

## ▶️ How to Run Project

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/skitttz/ignite-feed.git
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the project**:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Acess the URL in your browser:**
   ```
   http://localhost:5173/
   ```

## 🌐 How to Access

This project check out [right here](https://ignite-feed-psi-amber.vercel.app/)!

Commit message:

chore(README): summarize and organize features into Default | Custom

README.md, after:

<div id="user-content-toc" align="center"><ul align="center" style="list-style: none;"><img width="5%" src="./public/favicon.svg"> <summary><h1>Ignite Feed</h1></summary></img></ul></div>

<div align="center"><b>Ignite Feed</b> is a simple social media feed simulation </div>

</br>

<div align="center" style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center;">
  <img width="70%" src="https://i.ibb.co/PGg5DPr/pc-ignite-feed.png">
  <img width="20%" src="https://i.ibb.co/vqd2PvZ/phone-ignite-feed.png" style="margin-left: 20px;">
</div>

## ✨ Default Features

_These features are included as part of the course._

- [x] Add comments: Create comments on posts.
- [x] Applaud (like) comments: Enable to like and show appreciation for comments.
- [x] Delete comments: Option to remove comments.

### ✨ Personally Added Features

_These features were added beyond the default course functionalities._

- [x] Add post: Create and publish new posts.
- [ ] Applaud (like) post: Like and show appreciation for posts.

## 🔧 Built with

- ⚛️ ReactJS: A JavaScript library for building UI.

- ⚡ Vite: A fast build tool for modern web development.

- 📅 Date-fns: A lightweight library for easy date manipulation and formatting.

- 🪐 Phosphor: Icon library offering customizable icons.

## ▶️ How to Run Project

1. **Clone the repository**:

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/skitttz/ignite-feed.git
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the project**:

   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

4. **Acess the URL in your browser:**
   ```
   http://localhost:5173/
   ```

## 🌐 How to Access

This project check out [right here](https://ignite-feed-psi-amber.vercel.app/)!
